README.md, before:

# Streamseeker

An interactive script to search streams from various platforms.
This works with windows, linux and mac.
Use your preferred command line interface to run the script.

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/uniprank/streamseeker/master/assets/usage-v-0-1-2.gif" alt="Streamseeker usage" width="800"/>
</p>

## Install and Run

-   Clone the Repo
-   download or install [ffmpeg](https://ffmpeg.org) (If you download it put it in the root folder or src folder)
-   This project uses poetry for dependency management
-   Install [poetry](https://python-poetry.org/docs/#installation)
-   Run the following commands:
    -   `poetry install`
    -   `poetry shell` # to activate the virtual environment
    -   `python -m streamseeker` # to run the script

## How to use the script

It's pretty simple to use the script. Just follow the instructions on the screen.

## Features

-   It is possible to search for TV shows and animes
-   So its easier to find and search for content you need
-   After that you can download (licensense free) content if you want

## Supported Platforms

-   AniWorld
-   Serie Stream

More platforms will be added soon.

## Legal protection

Downloading content is only permitted if it is free and not subject to a license. This project was created for purely educational purposes and is intended to show what is possible with the python language. Any use of the tool for illegal purposes is strictly prohibited.

If the tool is nevertheless used for illegal purposes, the creator of the tool cannot be held accountable.
All actions shown here were created dynamically and are only intended to explain how the tool might be used.
No illegal processes were carried out during creation.

## Note

This script is for educational purposes only. I am not responsible for any misuse of this script.

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details.

Commit message:

Add new stream
- add Stream MegaKino.tax
- fix consolen logs handling
- Remove singleton from downloader classes

README.md, after:

# Streamseeker

An interactive script to search streams from various platforms.
This works with windows, linux and mac.
Use your preferred command line interface to run the script.

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/uniprank/streamseeker/master/assets/usage-v-0-1-2.gif" alt="Streamseeker usage" width="800"/>
</p>

## Install and Run

-   Clone the Repo
-   download or install [ffmpeg](https://ffmpeg.org) (If you download it put it in the root folder or src folder)
-   This project uses poetry for dependency management
-   Install [poetry](https://python-poetry.org/docs/#installation)
-   Run the following commands:
    -   `poetry install`
    -   `poetry shell` # to activate the virtual environment
    -   `python -m streamseeker` # to run the script

## How to use the script

It's pretty simple to use the script. Just follow the instructions on the screen.

## Features

-   It is possible to search for TV shows and animes
-   So its easier to find and search for content you need
-   After that you can download (licensense free) content if you want

## Supported Platforms

-   AniWorld (aniworld.to)
-   Serie Stream (s.to)
-   MegaKino (megakino.tax)

More platforms will be added soon.

## Legal protection

Downloading content is only permitted if it is free and not subject to a license. This project was created for purely educational purposes and is intended to show what is possible with the python language. Any use of the tool for illegal purposes is strictly prohibited.

If the tool is nevertheless used for illegal purposes, the creator of the tool cannot be held accountable.
All actions shown here were created dynamically and are only intended to explain how the tool might be used.
No illegal processes were carried out during creation.

## Note

This script is for educational purposes only. I am not responsible for any misuse of this script.

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details.
